gh-149187: Document `frozendict()` under 'Built-in Functions' (#149185)
python/cpython: Doc/library/functions.rst

| |  :func:`ascii`        | |  :func:`filter`     | |  :func:`map`        | |  **S**                |
| |                       | |  :func:`float`      | |  :func:`max`        | |  |func-set|_          |
| |  **B**                | |  :func:`format`     | |  |func-memoryview|_ | |  :func:`setattr`      |

> | |  :func:`bin`          | |  |func-frozendict|_ | |  :func:`min`        | |  :func:`sentinel`     |

Reviewer: That's unfortunate that we have to make so many code changes for a single line :(

But, AFAIK there's no other way, see https://github.com/python/cpython/commit/29a92abb6052cdbbecf97f24f576e29da88d12fc as an example.

Author: It's possible to forego the empty space before the "G:", which will give a 2-line change instead. Your call.

Author: https://github.com/python/cpython/commit/0c3441af98157f257eaf071f82096d6686d7ba53 <- 2-line change alternative

Reviewer 2: Would using a `list-table` help for future edits?

https://docutils.sourceforge.io/docs/ref/rst/directives.html#list-table

Reviewer 3: > 0c3441a <- 2-line change alternative

If it's rendered correctly, I prefer this alternative.

Reviewer 4: > If it's rendered correctly, I prefer this alternative.

Currently it renders fine, the alternative breaks the rendering slightly. I think we can't avoid the current state.

Author: I pushed it now, we can see how it renders.

Author: The missing empty space is showing, I'll revert.

<img width="588" height="274" alt="bilde" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/3755b3f8-04ed-408a-9929-d35bc43433b3" />

Author: Done

<img width="544" height="312" alt="bilde" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/36494dad-ecab-4ce7-895b-1667b6e56e81" />

| |  :func:`bool`         | |  |func-frozenset|_  | |                     | |  :func:`slice`        |
| |  :func:`breakpoint`   | |                     | |  **N**              | |  :func:`sorted`       |
| |  |func-bytearray|_    | |  **G**              | |  :func:`next`       | |  :func:`staticmethod` |
| |  |func-bytes|_        | |  :func:`getattr`    | |                     | |  |func-str|_          |
| |                       | |  :func:`globals`    | |  **O**              | |  :func:`sum`          |
| |  **C**                | |                     | |  :func:`object`     | |  :func:`super`        |

> | |  :func:`callable`     | |  **H**              | |  :func:`oct`        | |  **T**                |

Reviewer 4: Since we've changed all of these anyway, can you please push the **T** section in the fourth column down one for consistency.

Author: done

           dict(iterable, /, **kwargs)
   :noindex:

>    Create a new mutable dictionary.  The :class:`dict` object is the dictionary class.

Reviewer 4: I don't think we need to make this distinction here, we don't do it elsewhere. A regular dictionary is implied unless specified otherwise.

Author: Changed back

>    Create a new dictionary.  The :class:`dict` object is the dictionary class.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Create a new mutable dictionary.  The :class:`dict` object is the dictionary class.
```

while we are at it.

Author: done

      if *format_spec* is not an empty string.

.. _func-frozendict:
.. class:: frozendict(**kwargs)
           frozendict(mapping, /, **kwargs)
           frozendict(iterable, /, **kwargs)
   :noindex:

>    Create a new frozen dictionary.  The :class:`frozendict` object is a builtin class.

Reviewer 4: @nedbat, is the linklint update ready so that we can fix the rendering here?

Reviewer 5: linklint==1.0.0 will do it correctly. I'm not sure at the moment how the requirements are handled. It looks like it's still with a manually updated pylock.toml file. That file still uses linklint=0.4.1.

Reviewer 4: >  It looks like it's still with a manually updated pylock.toml file.

Do you plan to open a PR for that, otherwise I think we can bundle it in here?

Reviewer 5: I wasn't planning to because I don't know the intent for the future. Hugo seemed in charge of it.

Reviewer 2: Go for it! Either here or a new PR.

Reviewer 5: #149467

Author: I rebased on main after 149467, tell me if I need to do more.

>    Create a new frozen dictionary.  The :class:`frozendict` object is a builtin class.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
   Create a new frozen dictionary.  The :class:`frozendict` object is a built-in class.
```

Author: Thanks, done

   See :class:`frozendict` and :ref:`typesmapping` for documentation about this class.

   For other containers see the built-in :class:`dict`, :class:`list`, :class:`set`,

>    and :class:`tuple` classes, as well as the :mod:`collections` module.

Reviewer 3: You should add ``.. versionadded:: 3.15`` (with the proper indentation).

Author: Done (please check if the indentation is right)

      if *format_spec* is not an empty string.

.. _func-frozendict:
.. class:: frozendict(**kwargs)
           frozendict(mapping, /, **kwargs)
           frozendict(iterable, /, **kwargs)
   :noindex:

>    Return a new :class:`frozendict` object.

Reviewer: Can we keep this description in line with the `dict` one?

```
Create a new frozen dictionary.  The :class:`frozendict` object is a builtin class.
   See :class:`frozendict` and :ref:`typesmapping` for documentation about this class.
```

Author: done
